







 
Henry Harvin
User Guide Manual
Version 1.1
 
User Guide Manual for Henry Harvin
This section has following topics:
1.	Introduction to Henry Harvin
2.	Class etiquettes to be followed
3.	How to submit assignment in Henry Harvin website
4.	Troubleshooting
5.	Use LMS in an effective way
6.	How to get certificate from Henry Harvin
7.	Post training
8.	How to give testimonial video
9.	What you get
10.	Assessment 
11.	Writing Course curriculum
12.	Global presence
13.	Search for job from Henry Harvin 
14.	You want to do any other course from Henry Harvin
15.	FAQ’s
16.	Conclusion

Introduction to Henry Harvin
 
 


Class Etiquettes to be followed
Below picture gives good information to follow:
 

2.a  Before the training 



2.b During the training
 
2.c Guidelines for the session
 


How to submit assignment
There are two ways to submit assignment, first method: 
1.	Visit https://www.henryharvin.com


 

2.	Click login button on right hand side of the screen
3.	Username and password will be provided by relationship manager of Henry Harvin, kindly login using those credentials.
4.	Dashboard is displayed as show below.

 

5.	On left hand side of the screen, you can see submit assignment link, click on it
 

6.	Form is as below, so kindly fill this form and click submit button.

 












7.	You will get information displayed as below.
 
Note:
If there are issues in logging into Henry Harvin website, kindly have a look at the troubleshooting section to resolve your issue.

Second Method:
1.	There is s Talk to instructor button on top right-side corner of the screen.
 

2.	Form with two or three fields are there, so previous way had lot of details to be given, if you want to submit assignment then this way is good to use.
 

3.	Once you select assignment radio button is selected, you get more information like below:


 

4.	After you click submit button 
Troubleshooting
1.	If there are issues with your password, kindly click forgot password to reset your password.
2.	If there are any other issues, kindly look at the below image

 
 


  Use LMS in an effective way
 





How to get certificate from Henry Harvin
 

How to request certificate
1.	Your Full Name (as in certificate)
2.	Your registered mobile number
3.	Your registered email address
4.	House No
5.	Street/Area
6.	Landmark
7.	City 
8.	State
9.	Pin
10.	 Which certificate you are applying for? (Course/ Project/Internship) in radio button
11.	 Course name
12.	 Start date
13.	 End date
14.	 Counsellor Name/Relationship Manager from Henry Harvin
15.	 Exam score if applicable
16.	 How many classes did you miss?
17.	 Comments
18.	 Click either apply for soft copy or apply for both soft copy+ hard copy
 

 



Post Training

 
Testimonial Video

 

What you get
 
Assessment
Before you are getting the certificate, you need to complete all three assessments with good grades to applying for your certificate. Each section has 50 questions for 1 hour, practice section has only 30 questions for 30 minutes.
 
Writing Course Curriculum

 


Global Presence
 


Search for job from Henry Harvin
 












You want to do any other course
 

Suppose you want to do a course in cloud computing:








 

FAQ’s
 
 
Conclusion
This document gives detailed description of things you can do from Henry Harvin, for example, from courses you are interested into enroll, how to access course you have enrolled for, how to login into the portal with username and password, how to submit assignment, class etiquette’s to be followed, post training and assessment. Let me hope that whomsoever is reading this document is having good information of what they want to do after visiting Henry Harvin website.




